single red ant could have eaten it
faster you're losing perspective and
compassion
there's a reason I'm sitting behind this
desk running things and you're out there
with a partner that's 20 years younger
than you
Anthony's got a mouth with his own
engine but he's solid
I'm thinking about the kind of future I
can offer my girlfriend
Pop's is a yesterday who ain't worth
words when heavens and praise be they
your absence was a weight upon us Thank
You mr. Edmonton I don't like doing
things with so many question marks
everywhere there's a lot imbeciles out
there
[Music]
start the party this is a bad idea
so okay candy
[Music]
we have the skills and the right to
acquire proper compensation
[Music]